README.md, before:

# Watched Films Tracker

Watched Films Tracker is a Java program designed to help you keep track of the movies you've watched. It stores information such as the English title, original title, type, release year, rating, watch date, and comments for each film in a CSV file. Additionally, the program provides easy-to-read tables to display this information and offers simple statistics like average rating per film and the number of films watched per day or week.

## Features

- **Film Information:** Store details about each film, including English title, original title, type, release year, rating, watch date, and comments.
- **CSV File Storage:** Data is stored in a CSV file for easy access and portability.
- **Data Visualization:** View film records in a user-friendly table format.
- **Statistics:** Obtain simple statistics such as average rating per film and films watched per day or week.

## Requirements

- Latest version of Java JDK 21.
https://www.oracle.com/uk/java/technologies/downloads/#jdk21-windows

## Usage

1. Clone the repository to your local machine.
2. Ensure you have Java JDK 21 installed.
3. Run the program using the command `java WatchedFilmsTracker`.
4. Follow the on-screen prompts to interact with the program.

## Getting Started

To get started with Watched Films Tracker, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the Repository:** Clone this repository to your local machine using the command:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/watched-films-tracker.git

Commit message:

Refactor folders and packages names to follow MVC convention

README.md, after:

# Watched Films Tracker

Watched Films Tracker is a Java program designed to help you keep track of the movies you've watched. It stores information such as the English title, original title, type, release year, rating, watch date, and comments for each film in a CSV file. Additionally, the program provides easy-to-read tables to display this information and offers simple statistics like average rating per film and the number of films watched per day or week.

## Features

- **Film Information:** Store details about each film, including English title, original title, type, release year, rating, watch date, and comments.
- **CSV File Storage:** Data is stored in a CSV file for easy access and portability.
- **Data Visualization:** View film records in a user-friendly table format.
- **Statistics:** Obtain simple statistics such as average rating per film and films watched per day or week.

## Requirements

- Latest version of Java JDK 21.
https://www.oracle.com/uk/java/technologies/downloads/#jdk21-windows

## Usage

1. Clone the repository to your local machine.
2. Ensure you have Java JDK 21 installed.
3. Run the program using the command `java WatchedFilmsTracker`.
4. Follow the on-screen prompts to interact with the program.

## Issues

If you encounter an error suggesting that your installed version of Java is below Java 21, it is recommended to upgrade to the newest version of Java, specifically Java JDK 21. You can download the latest version from the official Oracle website: https://www.oracle.com/uk/java/technologies/downloads/#jdk21-windows. After upgrading your Java installation, try running the program again to see if the issue persists.
